Stay away!
Put it down.
Oh, no. Yeong-ro's in danger.
-This is bad.
-Hey.
Put the gun down. Now.
Or you'll get hurt.
Let the doctor go. Now!
Do you want to die?
Your teammate…
No! Easy, easy.
Your teammate
hasn't been treated yet.
He'll die if he doesn't get treated.
For sure.
Comrade Joo.
If you kill the doctor, they'll never
send in another doctor.
You've been fooled three times.
Shouldn't you take advantage
of this chance?
They have no choice but to do what you ask
because you might blow yourselves up.
Oh, right.
To get out of here safely,
you also need
a means of transportation. Right?
Comrade Joo.
Lower the gun.
Now!
Those damn bastards!
I'll kill you all!
Hey! Don't fire back!
Everyone get down!
Hold fire! Don't fire back!
Come on!
Stop wasting the bullets.
IT'S NOT THAT I MISS YOU
BUT I WANT TO SEE YOU ONCE MORE